c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\bin\Debug\HCS.exe.config
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\bin\Debug\HCS.exe
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\bin\Debug\HCS.pdb
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\bin\Debug\HCSLibrary.dll
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\bin\Debug\Neo4jClient.dll
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\bin\Debug\HCSLibrary.pdb
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\bin\Debug\Neo4jClient.pdb
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\bin\Debug\Neo4jClient.xml
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\obj\Debug\HCS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\obj\Debug\HCS.LoginScreen.resources
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\obj\Debug\HCS.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\obj\Debug\HCS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\obj\Debug\HCS.exe
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\obj\Debug\HCS.pdb
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\obj\Debug\HCS.MainScreen.resources
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\obj\Debug\HCS.NewPatientScreen.resources
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\obj\Debug\HCS.PolyclinicScreen.resources
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\obj\Debug\HCS.DoctorScreen.resources
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\obj\Debug\HCS.UserScreen.resources
c:\users\seymasarigil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HCS\HCS\obj\Debug\HCS.PatientScreen.resources
